Update docs (#2006)
Rapptz/discord.py: docs/discord.rst

Creating a Bot account is a pretty straightforward process.

1. Make sure you're logged on to the `Discord website <https://discordapp.com>`_.
2. Navigate to the `application page <https://discordapp.com/developers/applications>`_
3. Click on the "New Application" button.

    .. image:: /images/discord_create_app_button.png
        :alt: The new application button.

4. Give the application a name and click "Create".

    .. image:: /images/discord_create_app_form.png
        :alt: The new application form filled in.

> 5. Create a Bot User by visiting Bot page and clicking "Add Bot".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create a Bot User by navigating to the "Bot" tab and clicking "Add Bot".
```

        The possibilities are endless, so **do not share this token.**

>         If you accidentally leaked your token, **click "Regenerate" button as soon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you accidentally leaked your token, click the "Regenerate" button as soon
```

This sentence doesn't really work well with emphasis (since it would stand out without context).

>         as possible.** This revokes your old token and re-generates a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        as possible. This revokes your old token and re-generates a new one.
```

If you want to invite your bot you must create an invite URL for your bot.

1. Make sure you're logged on to the `Discord website <https://discordapp.com>`_.
2. Navigate to the `application page <https://discordapp.com/developers/applications>`_

> 3. Click your bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on your bot's page.
```

> 4. Go to "OAuth2" page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go to the "OAuth2" tab.
```

    .. image:: /images/discord_oauth2.png
        :alt: How the OAuth2 page should look like.

> 5. Choose "bot" scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Tick the "bot" checkbox under "scopes".
```

    .. image:: /images/discord_oauth2_scope.png

>         :alt: The scope chooser with "bot" chosen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :alt: The scopes checkbox with "bot" ticked.
```

> 6. Choose the permissions your bot needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Tick the permissions required for your bot to function under "Bot Permissions".
```

>     - In case you leaked the bot's token or the bot has vulnerability, **You should NEVER choose Administrator permission.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Please be aware of the consequences of requiring your bot to have the "Administrator" permission.
```

Too opinionated, even though I personally agree.

>     - The bot owners must have 2FA enabled to add your bot to a server with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Bot owners must have 2FA enabled for certain actions and permissions when added in servers that have Server-Wide 2FA enabled. Check the `2FA support page <https://support.discordapp.com/hc/en-us/articles/219576828-Setting-up-Two-Factor-Authentication>`_ for more information.
```

>       `Server-wide 2FA <https://support.discordapp.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000088971-Three-Steps-to-a-Safer-Server>`_ on if your bot needs administrative permissions such as Manage Messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

See suggestion above.

    .. image:: /images/discord_oauth2_perms.png

>         :alt: The permission chooser with some permissions checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :alt: The permission checkboxes with some permissions checked.
```

> 7. Now the URL above can be used to add your bot to a server. Copy and paste the URL onto your browser, choose a server to invite the bot, and click "Authorize".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Now the resulting URL can be used to add your bot to a server. Copy and paste the URL into your browser, choose a server to invite the bot to, and click "Authorize".
```

>     - You can't use normal invites of the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think this is obvious considering all the steps we just did.

>     - You need Manage Server permission on the server to add a bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    The person adding the bot needs "Manage Server" permissions to do so.
```
